[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There is a galactic
federation in our universe made
up of various
extraterrestrial beings.
One group that is said to be a
key member of this Federation
is a humanoid species from
the Andromeda constellation
referred to as Andromedans.
It's believed that in the
distant past, humanoids,
including the Andromedans,
faced opposition
from the Draco
reptilians, a warring
race of extraterrestrial beings
in our part of the galaxy.
>> As a means of
protecting themselves,
the Andromedans along with these
other civilizations that were
threatened by the reptilians,
banded together themselves
to form their own council.
This is what we now call
the Andromeda Council.
This enabled them
to work together
in a great collaborative system.
And to denote the
workings of this group,
they chose a symbol
that we recognize
looking a lot like
the letter A, which
is where we get many of
the familiar A-shaped logos
on Earth-based space programs.
Eventually, this
Andromeda Council
became the basis for what we
now understand as a Galactic
Federation.
Thus, the Andromedans are an
important part of the Galactic
Federation because the
Galactic Federation
is an extension of that
original Andromeda Council.
>> Andromeda is kind of an
interesting star system in that
it evolved very, very rapidly
unlike some of the other
systems that had
conflicts and wars.
And a lot of, I would say, drama
that happened in those systems.
Andromeda is unique in that
there was very little drama
in their evolution.
Because they were
so remote, they
didn't get that much
involved with some
of the other wars
that were going on
throughout the galaxy,
at least not until they
became part of the Federation.
So they went through
a rapid spiritual
and technological evolution.
>> This is the history
of the Andromedans.
They were not kind
to their home world,
they were not kind of
their planet at all.
And through their own political
infighting, their wars
and the building
of technology, they
didn't take care of
their own mother planet.
And so as their life just
faded out of their home world,
they had to leave.
We know that the Andromedans
came from somewhere
in the Andromeda constellation.
But as to a home world, a home
star, we don't really know.
But what we do know about
the Andromedans today
is that they are an
entirely nomadic species.
>> Kind of the nomadic feature
of Andromeda comes from
the fact that a lot of these
different star races that
inhabit the Andromeda
system ended up in Andromeda
because they came
from other places.
A lot of people tend to mix
up Andromeda the constellation
with Andromeda galaxy.
They are actually two
separate soul groups.
The reason why it's
called Andromeda galaxy
is because from our vantage
point here on Earth,
we see it in the
Andromeda constellation,
but it's actually located much
further away than the Andromeda
constellation.
The Andromeda galaxy
is a whole other galaxy
that's approximately two
million light years away
from our galaxy.
But it is our closest
neighbor galaxy.
I was going to focus on one
that people can relate to.
I will focus on the
humanoid beings.
They have very
long limbs, they're
very tall, 15-feet tall,
very slender beings.
Their skin is usually blue.
And they have
slightly larger heads,
maybe slightly larger eyes.
But for the most part, they
look somewhat humanoid.
So if you see an Andromedan,
you would probably
know they're not from Earth
but you would say, gosh,
they look kind of human.
>> It's always different
according to my clients deep
under hypnosis, and there are
many different types or groups
of Andromedans.
It's not just one
grouping of beings.
Some of my clients have
described Andromedans
as looking like a human almost.
Sometimes blue eyes, but they
have this very distinct glow
about them and this glow gives
them an angelic-like presence.
Andromedans have quite a large
presence on Earth at this time.
There are many of
my clients that
remember being an Andromedan.
So they are inhabiting
human bodies at this time
to help with the ascension.
>> So when we ask
the question, well,
what would an
Andromedan look like?
You're saying that
they're non-physical,
they're light beings.
Well, how would we
one if we saw one?
And this is what
we're confronted with,
that you have a lot of
channelers, people that believe
they have encounters
with the Andromedans
and they want you
to believe that they
look like they perceive them
to look like, however that is.
And now all of a sudden,
we've got a stereotype.
Oh, you're an Andromedan.
Well, that's tricky
because we really
don't know for sure
what they look like,
but we are trying to grasp the
potential advancement that they
represent.
>> While the appearance of the
Andromedans may be as diverse
as the humans they're
in contact with,
something distinctive to them
that researchers have reported
is that the Andromedans
are known for being masters
of unique technologies that
allow them to travel throughout
the universe in huge ships
that appear as small worlds.
>> I've heard that the
Andromedans claim to be ship
builders.
Well, that would
be very interesting
because we are trying to
become an interstellar species.
And if they are in fact, a type
3 or even a type 4 civilization
that's capable of
galaxy hopping,
how are they doing that?
If I ever had a conversation
with a member of the Galactic
Federation, that would be
my number one question.
How did you overcome
the time space barrier?
your biology?
And how were you able to
travel interdimensionally
or intergalactically or
between star systems?
That is the ultimate question.
And perhaps the Andromedans
having solved that,
will be able to assist
us in doing that.
>> Andromedans, of
course, are shipbuilders.
They can build mother ships,
star ships, fleet ships.
They also can go
into the astrobiology
of building it and going
into the astral dimensions
into the higher realm
and farming the materials
for those kind of craft there.
All of the Galactic
intelligences can do that.
But primarily the
Andromedans, they really
can get into the nuts and
bolts of making these new craft
and ships to do amazing
stuff, and then it
gets shared throughout
the galactic community.
>> My understanding with the
Andromedan ships is that some
of them are so huge they
are floating cities.
So they actually
live on these ships.
It's not just a transport
vehicle for them.
The Andromeda
Council actually is
located on one of
these ships and they're
about the size of a city.
It's like a whole
kind of complex.
And there's maybe hundreds
of beings if not thousands
of beings that live
on board these ships.
So this is where
we get the concept
of the Andromedan
floating cities
because they are nomadic,
because they move quite a bit,
they go from place to place.
>> They developed
their spacecraft to be
their home-world.
We call them
biosphere ships, where
they create entire
biospheres within their ships
so you can have oceans,
you can have forests,
you can have fields.
You can have all of the crops
and agricultural systems
that you need and you can have
the cities and living quarters.
So these systems are
entirely self-sustaining
and that is how the Andromedans
venture across the galaxy
now as a nomadic species within
their own biosphere ships.
The Andromedans primarily have
three types of biosphere ships.
We have the large
one, which is the moon
sized type ship, where they
have multiple layers in there.
They can have an entire
civilization in there.
And it can be around
for millennia.
Then we have the triangle
arrowhead-shaped ships,
which are about 300,
800 miles in length.
And what we hear
reports of is that there
is one of these biosphere
arrowhead-shaped ships
in our solar system operating
as a regional headquarters
for the Galactic Federation.
Now there are reports of
also smaller types of ships
that the Andromedans use.
There are flying saucer
type ships as well as
different scout types of
ship that are only about 50
to 65 feet across.
So these are going to be
like some of the smaller
atmospheric command ships that
come in that operate outside
of these big biosphere ships.
And these are just
a small scattering
of what we do know that
the Andromedans have.
>> When we entertain the
possibility of Andromedan
biosphere spacecraft, the
size of small planets or moons
moving throughout the galaxy,
is it conceivable that one
of these biospheres may
be orbiting planet Earth
in the form of our moon?
>> The reports that we have
about the Andromedans is that
they are the original creators
of the moon and this moon
biosphere ship played an
integral part in an ancient war
in our solar system, a war
that led to the destruction
of a planet that we call Tiamat.
Because of the
destruction of Tiamat,
our planets were shifted.
A lot of cataclysms came
into our whole solar system
to Earth.
This moon-sized biosphere
ship was placed into orbit
around the Earth to help temper
the cataclysms that our planet
was facing at the time period.
So that moon is only really
about 12,500 years old
according to what the
Andromedans tell us.
>> I worked for NASA
and Honeywell Aerospace.
I spent 20 years
of my life there.
I was in launch control and
I watched Challenger go down.
There is a great deal
that is going on there
that people don't know about.
The biosphere was put into
orbit around the Earth
in what scientists
and most people
would call a perfect
circular orbit.
That perfect circular orbit
is so close with the Earth
and the body is so large that
it literally is tidally locked
and therefore we only see
one side of the moon, one
face of the moon as it rotates.
So the rotation is
synchronized to the rotation
around the Earth
such that we only
see that one face all the time.
So there are many
things that can
be done on the back side of
the biosphere that are out
of the purview of humanity.
And so there are
many bases and things
that allegedly are there.
I haven't seen them myself.
The biosphere,
unfortunately, it has
a to my knowledge, 12
reactors or power systems.
Many of them are
damaged or failing
and there are only a few
of them still functional.
>> There's a lot of insiders who
are reporting that the moon has
an influence locking
humanity in our 3D existence.
But since the moon is
thousands of years old,
put into place around
12,500 years ago,
a lot of these
systems are failing
and we're not getting locked
into 3D as much as we were.
We're starting to evolve into
our fourth and fifth density
existence because we're no
longer locked into this place.
>> The problem with this is that
if they should all die or go
down at one time, that would
cause a catastrophic reaction
here on Earth.
So that many of the beings
would then be faced with 5D.
Some would be prepared and
could make it through it.
Others would not and
they would perish
or they would leave this place
very quickly or instantly.
But Andromedans still
are maintaining that.
At one time it was under direct
control of the reptilian race
and the reptilian and
Draconian overlords,
they controlled the
biosphere and they used
that 3D to control humanity.
That is no longer
the prevalent case.
So humanity is pretty
much doing its own thing.
It's like mass hallucination.
So we're hoping and trying very
hard to get humanity to wake
up before it's too late.
>> I have been told through
clients under hypnosis that
the moon is actually
not a solid structure.
It's completely
hollowed out and there's
different bases and different
rooms within this moon.
>> On November 1969, Apollo 12
deliberately crashed the ascent
stage of its lunar module,
leading some theorists
to support a hollow moon theory.
>> Who decided that on the first
landing Neil Armstrong would
set out a seismograph.
What made you do that?
Then not a word.
Yeah, because you
guys know something.
Look at the craters on the moon.
They're huge.
Tycho goes across
its entire face.
That's the size of continent of
North America, a blast that big
and yet it's so shallow.
It hardly even dented it.
Somebody asked me about that.
I said, pretty good body
armor on the car, I guess.
Yeah.
Well, when they fired the upper
half of the lunar module back
to the moon when the
astronauts crawled out
went command module go home,
they fired that thing down
and it crashed a few miles
away from the seismograph
and the moon
resonated like a bell.
So on other flights to put
more seismographs down and then
they added booster
rocket so they
can drive it in much faster,
bigger and more shockwaves.
And on the last one, the
moon rang for three days.
The moon is not little y'all.
You can put the North American
continent on the face of it,
times 2 you got a backside.
That's a big area.
We know that the moon is
about 3,600 miles in diameter.
We believe that the moon
thickness was over 500 miles.
Let's start doing the math.
That means there's a 2000 mile
diameter void inside the moon.
That's what's resonating.
What's in that void?
The people who drove
it here, their homes.
>> As the Earth's most
constant companion,
the moon has been guiding and
influencing humanity and this
planet for millennia.
This is one area
that researchers
attribute to the Andromedans.
On a sociocultural level, it is
suggested that the Andromedans
influenced the
Hindu gods of India
and the Sanskrit language,
which is believed
to have been generated
by the god Brahma, who
lived in the heavenly abodes.
If so, might these blue
hued extraterrestrials
be suggestive of an Andromedan
influence dating back
to the origins of one of the
oldest languages on Earth?
>> Most of the contactees these
that have had interactions with
the Andromeda Council
beings have said that
their interactions were
telepathic and metamorphic.
According to them, they had
involvement in our language
development in the ancient
past, especially with Sanskrit.
>> Some actual Andromedan
representatives or contacts
would have been Shiva, would
have been the city of Dwarka,
Krishna as well.
So those were direct contacts.
Those were the beings themselves
that influenced those cultures.
>> The oldest printed books
that we found on the planet are
the Vedantic writings
of ancient India.
When we start to look at how
these writings, philosophies,
and religions influenced
us on every level,
we see that there are some
very ancient connections there
to beings that are depicted
like the Andromedans.
>> The Sanskrit language is a
derivative of their language.
It's probably the closest thing
on Earth to their language.
In fact, most locations
on this planet
have been influenced
by the Andromedans.
The nice thing about
the Andromedans
is that their
quotations are written
in the Indian textbooks.
They actually have living
and written history
where a lot of
other races do not.
>> If the ancient language of
Sanskrit was brought to Earth
by blue-colored gods, what else
have they developed that may
one day impact humanity and a
greater federation of planets?
>> One of the most
prominent contributions that
the Andromedans made to
the Galactic Federation is
their holographic
political system,
and how that is arranged is that
there's these councils or step
councils where everybody has a
say and everybody has an input
on what's going on.
And it's like every single
part of this political system
knows what's going on
with every other part.
Thus, it's holographic in
nature and what this does
is it really builds
equality for everybody
throughout the system.
So that it's almost like
there's no one power
higher than the other.
And that there's not one source
knowing more than the other.
It's that everybody is on
this nice, even playing field
where everybody seems to have an
input and contribution to make
to the entire political system.
And we see this system
not only employed
in the Galactic
Federation, but in a lot
of advanced civilizations
throughout the galaxy.
>> The Andromeda Council is
a group of individuals that
oversees certain aspects
of either their worlds,
their ships and the daily
things that need to be done,
or the interactions with other
species and other groups.
We don't have designated
people to lead or otherwise.
It doesn't work that way.
>> While the Andromedans may
have contributed to humanity
on a global level, influencing
our gravity and oceans through
the moon as well as the
world's most ancient language,
as humankind evolves, can we
anticipate a more intimate
involvement from the Andromedans
in the future before us?
>> They don't want to have
direct control or any sort
of hand in the course of the
direction that any civilization
is going.
They don't mind working with
the Galactic Federation.
Their holographic
political system
is an integral part of
the Galactic Federation.
They don't seem to
have a problem making
ships and building ships
for the Galactic Federation.
But when it comes to the
affairs of individual planets,
they don't want
anything to do with it.
>> They kind of see their role
as kind of like an overseer
of the development of Earth,
but they don't want to get
necessarily directly involved
because they have great respect
for the universal laws of
noninterference and free will.
Freedom is like a middle
name for Andromedans.
>> As Earth is ascending, there
are many people that store
knowledge within their deep
unconscious and this knowledge
is how to power ships and how
to use the free energy that will
be available in the near future.
As part of the
Galactic Federation,
the Andromedans helped
share this knowledge
and go over this knowledge
with these individuals
so that when the
time is right, they
will be able to use their
mental capabilities so they
can help this ascension process
just through their presence.
>> I believe Andromedans
are here assisting Earth,
because when you are part
of a alignment of planets
and consciousness, everyone
chips in to help raise a new
planet that is ready
for that transformation.
>> What we gather from these
interactions with the Andromeda
Council is that they've worked
with other galactic federations
and groups that have the best
interests over the development
of the human family.
They are benevolent,
they're highly advanced,
technologically superior
to us in every way.
And perhaps we have
part of their DNA,
therefore they have a karmic
attachment and responsibility
for us and with us.
I see that they are a very
important part of our history
and where we will
go in the future.
>> If the Andromedans
are involved with Earth,
and they are the
ultimate advanced beings,
they're at the top of the
scale, why would they want to be
involved with humans?
Well, most certainly
they would have
taken on the role of teacher,
that it is their role.
Once you acquire this knowledge
to be able to spread it
to other civilizations.
Because connection is the raison
d'etre of the universe, where
we're all seeking connection
amongst ourselves,
with our source, with
other civilizations.
And if you've got a
way to reduce the time
it takes to get from a star to
a star, that is tremendously
valuable knowledge.
And the Andromedans having gone
beyond the material needs, gone
beyond our psychology
would certainly
be the ultimate
benevolent beings
in trying to raise everybody
up to this high level
because that
assures the greatest
connection in the universe.
>> We are living really at the
time of a great renaissance
of the human experience if we
can put together the proper
mosaic or mental roadmap of
how we are uniquely being given
knowledge that will make this
perhaps the most important part
of human history.
The reconnection with
our cosmic teachers,
beings of the divine source
who will illuminate us not
to make war but to make
peace constructively
by the co-creative
energy process.
We are beginning to
redefine scientific truth,
a new ontology of life
or purpose of life,
a new direction by virtue
of the Galactic Federation
spokespersons or high levels
of cosmic intelligence
that is using us to
make the decisions that
count for the
advancement of humanity.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In a universe where countless
extraterrestrial species
thrive, it is probable that
throughout our human history,
their influences run deep,
whether perceived within
one's own self as an intuitive
affinity or externally from
Andromedan and beyond, we
all seek a more meaningful
connection amongst ourselves,
to our cosmic family
and ultimately to source,
however one conceives that
to be.
In our next episode
of Deep Space,
we explore the humanoid
extraterrestrial species
from Arcturus.